[Compute] New-AzRestorePoint and New-AzRestorePointCollection (#17665)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/Compute/Compute/ChangeLog.md

* Updated `Get-AzVm` to include `GetVirtualMachineById` parameter set.
* Edited the documentation for the cmdlet `Set-AzVMADDomainExtension` to ensure the example is accurate. 
* Improved description and examples for disk creation.

> * Adding new parameters to 'New-AzRestorePoint' and 'New-AzRestorePointCollection' for copying Restore Points and Restore Point Collections.
> * Adding Zone and PlacementGroupId Parameters to Repair-AzVmssServiceFabricUpdateDomain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new parameters to `New-AzRestorePoint` and `New-AzRestorePointCollection` for copying Restore Points and Restore Point Collections.
* Added `Zone` and `PlacementGroupId` Parameters to `Repair-AzVmssServiceFabricUpdateDomain`.
```
